Refactor SubM intro to emphasize supported paths (#4044)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: add-ons/submariner/submariner.adoc

[#submariner]
= Submariner multicluster networking and service discovery

> The _Submariner_ service is an open source tool that can be used with {product-title} to provide direct networking between pods and multicluster services API discovery across two or more Kubernetes clusters in your environment, either on-premises or in the cloud. For more information about Submariner, see the https://submariner.io/[Submariner site].

Author: This revision to "services API" doesn't make sense. It's either "KEP-1645 MCS API" or "multicluster service discovery" but not "multicluster services API discovery". Mentioning KEP-1645 isn't jargon that should be cut, it's an important differentiating feature. It's saying Submariner does MCS by following (and helping develop) an upstream standard, not a homebrew solution.

Author: It might also be good for SEO to mention ([and link to?](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-multicluster/1645-multi-cluster-services-api)) KEP-1645.

Reviewer: I'm not yet familiar with how to handle something like. @cadawson can you help? 

My take is that KEP-1645 looks out of place and seems inconsistent in the doc so _multicluster service discovery_ would be my preferred pick. But I'll let @cadawson decide since he knows more about Submariner than I do.

Reviewer 2: How about something like:

The _Submariner_ service is an open source tool that can be used with {product-title} to provide direct networking between pods and multicluster service discovery across two or more clusters in an on-premises or cloud environment. The multicluster service discovery is based on the requirements of the multicluster services API that is available in the Kubernetes enhancement #1645 (KEP-1645). See https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-multicluster/1645-multi-cluster-services-api[KEP-1645] for more information about the requirements.

Reviewer: If that works for you I can go ahead and merge @dfarrell07.

Reviewer 2: Does this wording look ok to you @dfarrell07 ? Thanks!

[#submariner]
= Submariner multicluster networking and service discovery

> The _Submariner_ service is an open source tool that can be used with {product-title} to provide direct networking between pods and KEP-1645 multicluster service discovery across two or more Kubernetes clusters in your environment, either on-premises or in the cloud. For more information about Submariner, see the https://submariner.io/[Submariner site].

Reviewer: What is KEP-1645? Can we say multicluster services API instead?

> {product-title} provides Submariner via an addon to your hub cluster. See the [support matrix](https://access.redhat.com/articles/6663461)

Author: This is actually the 2.5 support matrix (on the 2.6 branch). Is there a 2.6 pointer I should use?

Reviewer: It should become available with GA. I think @cadawson has the link.

Reviewer 2: I updated this link.

Reviewer: Thanks @cadawson!

@dfarrell07 in that case change the sentence to something like this:

{product-title} provides Submariner as an add-on for your hub cluster. See the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/6968787[{product-title-short} Support Matrix] for more details.

> {product-title} provides Submariner via an addon to your hub cluster. See the [support matrix](https://access.redhat.com/articles/6663461)

Reviewer: -> {product-title} provides Submariner as an add-on for your hub cluster. See the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/6968787[{product-title-short} Support Matrix] for more details.

[#submariner]
= Submariner multicluster networking and service discovery

> The Submariner service is an open source tool that can be used with {product-title} to provide direct networking between pods and multicluster service discovery across two or more clusters in an on-premises or cloud environment. The multicluster service discovery is based on the requirements of the multicluster services API that is available in the Kubernetes enhancement #1645 (KEP-1645). See https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-multicluster/1645-multi-cluster-services-api[KEP-1645] for more information about the requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
Submariner is an open source tool that can be used with {product-title} to provide direct networking between pods and https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-multicluster/1645-multi-cluster-services-api[KEP-1645] multicluster service discovery across two or more Kubernetes clusters in your environment, either on-premises or in the cloud. For more information about Submariner, see the https://submariner.io/[Submariner site].
```

> {product-title} provides Submariner as an add-on for your hub cluster. You can find more information about Submariner in the https://submariner.io/[Submariner open source project documentation].

Author: ```suggestion
```

See the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/6968787[{product-title-short} Support Matrix] for more details about which infrastructure providers are supported by xref:../submariner/submariner_deploy_console.adoc[automated console deployments] and which infrastructure providers require xref:../submariner/submariner_deploy_manual.adoc[manual deployment].

* <<submariner-prereq,Prerequisites>>

> * <<submariner-subctl,subctl command utility>>

Author: This new index is much more helpful, good idea and thanks!
